claxton hunting first major medal

british hurdler sarah claxton is confident she can win her first major medal at next month's european indoor championships in madrid.

the 25-year-old has already smashed the british record over 60m hurdles twice this season, setting a new mark of 7.96 seconds to win the aaas title. "i am quite confident," said claxton. "but i take each race as it comes. "as long as i keep up my training but not do too much i think there is a chance of a medal." claxton has won the national 60m hurdles title for the past three years but has struggled to translate her domestic success to the international stage. now, the scotland-born athlete owns the equal fifth-fastest time in the world this year. and at last week's birmingham grand prix, claxton left european medal favourite russian irina shevchenko trailing in sixth spot.

for the first time, claxton has only been preparing for a campaign over the hurdles - which could explain her leap in form. in previous seasons, the 25-year-old also contested the long jump but since moving from colchester to london she has re-focused her attentions. claxton will see if her new training regime pays dividends at the european indoors which take place on 5-6 march.
o'sullivan could run in worlds

sonia o'sullivan has indicated that she would like to participate in next month's world cross country championships in st etienne.

athletics ireland have hinted that the 35-year-old cobh runner may be included in the official line-up for the event in france on 19-20 march. provincial teams were selected after last saturday's nationals in santry and will be officially announced this week. o'sullivan is at present preparing for the london marathon on 17 april. the participation of o'sullivan, currentily training at her base in australia, would boost the ireland team who won the bronze three years agio. the first three at santry last saturday, jolene byrne, maria mccambridge and fionnualla britton, are automatic selections and will most likely form part of the long-course team. o'sullivan will also take part in the bupa great ireland run on 9 april in dublin.
greene sets sights on world title

maurice greene aims to wipe out the pain of losing his olympic 100m title in athens by winning a fourth world championship crown this summer.

he had to settle for bronze in greece behind fellow american justin gatlin and francis obikwelu of portugal. "it really hurts to look at that medal. it was my mistake. i lost because of the things i did," said greene, who races in birmingham on friday. "it's never going to happen again. my goal - i'm going to win the worlds." greene crossed the line just 0.02 seconds behind gatlin, who won in 9.87 seconds in one of the closest and fastest sprints of all time. but greene believes he lost the race and his title in the semi-finals. "in my semi-final race, i should have won the race but i was conserving energy. "that's when francis obikwelu came up and i took third because i didn't know he was there. "i believe that's what put me in lane seven in the final and, while i was in lane seven, i couldn't feel anything in the race.

"i just felt like i was running all alone. "i believe if i was in the middle of the race i would have been able to react to people that came ahead of me." greene was also denied olympic gold in the 4x100m men's relay when he could not catch britain's mark lewis-francis on the final leg. the kansas star is set to go head-to-head with lewis-francis again at friday's norwich union grand prix. the pair contest the 60m, the distance over which greene currently holds the world record of 6.39 seconds. he then has another indoor meeting in france before resuming training for the outdoor season and the task of recapturing his world title in helsinki in august. greene believes gatlin will again prove the biggest threat to his ambitions in finland. but he also admits he faces more than one rival for the world crown. "there's always someone else coming. i think when i was coming up i would say there was me and ato (boldon) in the young crowd," greene said. "now you've got about five or six young guys coming up at the same time."
